



BY-LAWS
OF
DISTRIBUTED PROOFREADERS FOUNDATION, INC.

Section 1. Board of Trustees. The activities of the
corporation shall be managed by the Board which shall consist of
not less than three trustees (the "Board").

Section 2. Nominating Committee. The president shall,
with the advice and consent of the Board, appoint a nominating
committee of one or more trustees, which shall recommend to the
Board the names of persons to be submitted for election as
trustees. The Trustees shall be elected by the Board.

Section 3. Regular Meetings. A regular meeting of the
Board for the election of trustees and officers and such other
business as may come before the meeting shall be held during
January of each year upon not less than ten nor more than sixty
days notice of the time, place and purposes of the meeting.

Section 4. Special Meetings of the Board. Special
meetings of the Board for any purpose or purposes may be called at
any time by the president or by a majority of the trustees. Such
meetings shall be held upon not less than 2 days notice.

Section 5. Notice and Waivers of Notice of Meetings;
Adjournments. Notice of a meeting may be given by mail, telephone
or electronically and notice need not be given to any trustee who
signs a waiver of notice whether before or after the meeting, or
who attends the meeting without protesting, prior to the conclusion
of the meeting, the lack of notice to such trustee of such meeting.

Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any
meeting of the Board need be specified in the notice or waiver of
notice of such meeting. Notice of an adjourned meeting need not be
given if the time and place are fixed at the meeting adjourning and
if the period of adjournment does not exceed ten days in any one
adjournment.

Section 6. Action Without Meeting. The Board or any
committee of the Board may act without a meeting if, prior or
subsequent to such action, each trustee or committee member shall
consent in writing to such action. Such written consents shall be
filed with the minutes of the meeting.

Section 7. Meeting by Email or Telephone. The Board or
a committee of the Board may participate in a meeting, by means of
a telephone conference call, electronically or any other means of
communication by which all persons participating in the meeting are
able to communicate with each other or hear each other.

Section 8. Quorum. A majority of the trustees shall
constitute a quorum thereof for the transaction of business. The
act of the majority of the trustees at a meeting at which a quorum
is present shall be the act thereof except that the act of a
majority of the entire Board shall be required with respect to any
amendment to these by-laws or the Certificate of Incorporation or
the making of any grant or distribution of funds.

Section 9. Committee of the Board. The Board, by
resolution approved by a majority of the entire Board, may appoint
from among the trustees one or more trustees, each of which, to the
extent provided in the resolution, shall have any may exercise the
authority of the Board, except that no such committee shall:

(a) make, alter or repeal any by-law of the
corporation;

(b) elect or appoint any officer or trustee, or
remove any officer or trustee;

(c) make any grants or distributions of funds;

(d) submit to members any action that requires the
approval of members; or

(e) amend or repeal any resolution previously adopted
by the board.

The Board, by resolution adopted by a majority of the
entire Board, may:

(a) fill any vacancy in such committee;

(b) appoint one or more persons to serve as alternate
members of any such committee, to act in the absence or disability
of members of any such committee with all the powers of such absent
or disabled members of a committee;

(c) abolish any such committee at its pleasure; or

(d) remove any members of such committee at any time,
with or without cause.

A majority of each committee shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business and the act of the majority of the
committee members present at a meeting at which a quorum is present
shall be the act of such committee. Each committee shall appoint
from among its members a chairman unless the resolution of the Board
establishing such committee designates the chairman, in which case,
in the event of a vacancy in the chairmanship, the Board shall fill
the vacancy.

Actions taken at a meeting of any such committee shall be
kept in a record of its proceedings which shall be reported to the
board at its next meeting following such committee meeting, except
that, when the meeting of the Board is held within two days after
the committee meeting, such report shall, if not made at the first
meeting, be made to the Board at its second meeting following such
committee meeting.

Section 10. Compensation. Neither trustees nor officers
shall receive any fee, salary or remuneration of any kind for their
services as trustees and/or officers, provided, however, that
trustees and officers may be reimbursed for reasonable expenses
incurred with approval of the Board upon presentation of vouchers.

Section 11. Officers. At its annual meeting, the Board
shall elect a president, a treasurer, a secretary, and such other
officers as it shall deem necessary. The president and the
secretary shall be trustees; other officers may, but need not, be
trustees. Any two or more officers may be held by the same person
but no officer shall execute, acknowledge, or verify any instrument
in more than one capacity if such instrument is required by law or
by these by-laws to be executed, acknowledged or verified by two or
more officers. The Board, by resolution adopted by a majority of
the entire Board, may remove any officers, with or without cause.
The duties and authority of the officers shall be determined from
time to time by the Board. Subject to any such determination, the
officers shall have the following duties and authority:

(a) The president shall be chief executive officer
of the corporation, shall have general charge and supervision over
and responsibility for the affairs of the corporation, and shall
preside at all meetings of the Board. Unless otherwise directed by
the Board, all other officers shall be subject to the authority and
the supervision of the president. The president may enter into and
execute in the name of the corporation contracts or other
instruments not in the regular course of business which are
authorized, either generally or specifically, by the Board. The
president shall have the general powers and duties of management
usually vested in the office of president of a corporation. The
president may delegate from time to time to any other officer, any
or all of such duties and authority.

(b) The vice president, if elected, shall have such
duties and possess such authority as may be delegated to the vice
president by the president.

(c) The Treasurer shall have the custody of the funds
and securities of the corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept
regular books of account for the corporation. The treasurer shall
perform such other duties and possess such other powers as are
incident to the office or as shall be assigned by the president or
the Board.

(d) Assistant treasurers, if elected, shall have such
duties and possess such authority as may be delegated to them by the
treasurer.

(e) The secretary shall cause notices of all meetings
to be served as prescribed in these by-laws and shall keep or cause
to be kept the minutes of all meetings of the Board. The secretary
shall have charge of the seal of the corporation and shall perform
such other duties and possess such powers as are incident to the
office or as shall be assigned by the president or the Board.

(f) Assistant secretaries, if elected, shall have
such duties and possess such authority as may be delegated to them
by the secretary.

Section 12. Force and Effect of By-Laws. These by-laws
are subject to the provisions of the New Jersey Nonprofit
Corporation Act (the "Act") and the Certificate of Incorporation as
they may be amended from time to time. If any provision in these
by-laws is inconsistent with a provision in the Act or the
Certificate of Incorporation, the provision of the Act or the
Certificate of Incorporation shall govern to the extent of such
inconsistency.

Section 13. Amendment to By-Laws. These by-laws may be
altered, amended or repealed by the Board. Notice of any such by-
law change to be voted upon by the Board shall be given not less
than 10 days prior to the meeting at which such change shall be
proposed.




DISTRIBUTED PROOFREADERS FOUNDATION, INC.

ORGANIZATION OF CORPORATION
UPON UNANIMOUS WRITTEN CONSENT
OF TRUSTEES

We, the undersigned, being all the trustees of Distributed
Proofreaders Foundation, Inc., do hereby consent to the following:

1. The form of by-laws attached hereto is adopted as the
by-laws of the Corporation.

2. The following individuals are duly elected to the
offices indicated:

President -
Secretary -
Treasurer -

3. The president is authorized to procure a seal, account
books, and stationary as are necessary for corporate purposes.

4. The president or treasurer is authorized to open bank
accounts and to deposit funds of the Corporation as such officers
shall deem necessary or desirable.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this consent is executed this
day of March , 2006.

____________________
Juliet B. Sutherland

____________________
Greg Newby

____________________
Charles Franks

